---
Author: Madalin Popa
Title: Welcome 2021
Tags: general
Date: 2021-02-03
---

# Welcome 2021

2021 is the year in which I move from idea to action. Or at least that's what I set out to do. I've been thinking about a technology journal for a long time, but now I feel motivated to get on it.

For starters, 'm Madalin, passionate about computers and technology. I have been working in a corporation for 5 years as a technical engineer, but I have also been studying various technologies and programming languages on my own for over 10 years.

I decided to start this blog to document in the form of a diary the things I discover and learn in the field of technology and software development: Programming Languages, Frameworks, Design Patterns and Software Architecture.

## Why this Journal?

First of all, I am writing this journal for myself. I aim to get out of my comfort zone, and I think that this diary can help me develop and consolidate the new things I am learning. Secondly, I want this journal to offer my experience to those who are passionate about technology and who are just starting out in programming. I read thousands of pages, wrote thousands of lines of code (and that's how many I deleted), watched hundreds of hours of video tutorials, graduated with a master's degree in Database Administration, and I managed to understand how the various technologies used in the development of software applications work.

In 2021, I want all this experience to turn into projects. I know exactly what it's like to be at the beginning of the road and that's why I set out to publicly share what I know, what I'm learning, what I'm doing wrong and what I'm building.

Stay motivated and keep coding.
